hello my name is natasha this
news on the bucket com site is presented
ford f-35 lightning 2 edishen mustang gt
this car is styled
fighter lockheed martin f-35
lightning 2 and based on top
bundling mustang live novelty
got a wider front splitter
made of carbon fiber
moldings and new rear diffuser saloon
recaro bucket seats and
modified dashboard
serial version of this version of mustang
gt will not be a single instance
will be sold at auction
and the proceeds will be spent on development
programs and and
and needles in which organizes
free flights since 1992
audi refuses stepless
variator of us future models instead
them 2015 will apply the new
semi-automatic dsg seven steps
innovations will present at the end of this
years and the first model which
will get a new box will be
updated audi a4
which car will be the best in
Europe this year
the jury has published a list of applicants for
the title of the best car of 2015 and in
he entered 33 contestants so you can
start to hurt
among the applicants cars which is already in
sales and those that appear until the end
this year in europe
December 15 will be selected from this list 7
best at the Geneva Motor Show on March 2
2015 will announce the winner recall that
The best car in 2014 was the peugeot 308
concert lexus lf-lc will be serial already
in two years he will be called lexus sc
and as the creators say he is very strong
sounds like its great concept on
these photos we see
exactly the concept appearance of the serial version
not yet revealed the axis will be released
limited edition known that under
the hood is a hybrid system
including electric motor and gasoline
v8 engine 5 liters power
approximately 400 80 horsepower unit
paired with 10 speed automatic transmission
volvo talked about security systems
its upcoming new items and among the wine
there the machine will protect from the exit from
roads and also automatically slows down
with the threat of a collision with a counter
auto also xc90 got the system
included rear impact case
and these are radars that react to
approaching the car and react
seat belts and brakes
systems of necessity plus plus of
innovations here have a system
anti-rollover cars
but from the fact that if the other volvo 90
will automatically stops when
pedestrian hazards
monitor road signs blind
zones and work in autopilot mode on
low speeds
and for dessert a circular video review and
car parking function shorter stuffing
mind signing association congress
control of the technical condition of machines
a lot of things will come back completely
withdraw from the procedure .
the cost of inspection will determine
inspection subjects themselves
business activities
This was reported by Sergei Budnik
deputy head of traffic police
and finally, as always, exciting
video porsche gt3 cup turbo conquers
pikes peak
driving jeff swart 59 year old
an advanced director photographer and
of course the racer from the us
he did not understand at pikes peak Columbus
mad porsche 911 gt3 cup turbo jeff
overpowered for 10 with a tail of minutes beautifully
it's all more interesting site
bucket com see you next week